people are making podcasts and thinking
in 90 days they're somehow going to blow
up in the beginning 150 episodes is just
me talking about how to run a gym better
I got a DM the other day somebody who
was like yeah it's easy for you to build
this brand because you already have this
big audience I was like dude just start
he was discouraged by the fact that he
had no following he had no audience Etc
99% of people who are watching this do
more cool and then you'll have cool
to talk about rather than regur
shating other people's stuff but for
everyone who sees the overnight success
right what I want you to do is go to my
podcast and look at the timestamp on my
first episode it's 2017 5 and 1 half 6
years ago it just now hit the top 10 and
in that six-year period I did not miss
every week 1 to three podcasts for six
years and so people are making podcasts
and thinking in 90 days they're somehow
going to blow up when the reality is
that you're finding your voice for the
first year you're figuring out what way
you communicate you're learning how to
teach how to entertain how to present
you're Lear Lear how to speak and you're
also learning about the stuff that
you're learning meantime right like in
that period of time I might not have had
as much stuff that was as cool in the
beginning that applied to as many people
cuz the first 150 episodes is just me
talking about how to run a gym better
right around 150 I started talking about
Marketing in general because that's what
I was into at the time and then I start
talking about sales and I start talking
about business in general and m&a and
things as they've evolved over time and
so the subject matter as well as my
skill in delivering it both improved
over that period of time and now the
podcast is top 10 on entrepreneurship
and very high ranked in business next to
names that I I looked up to my whole
career I'm like holy cow I'm like we're
wait we just went above this guy that
I've been looking up to my whole life it
doesn't take 90 days it takes years if
you think in days the time's going to
pass no matter what but if you can think
in decades when you make your goals when
that decade does pass it'll show that
you were thinking that way right not the
outcome of the goal make the action the
goal if the action is did I make the
post did I make the reach outs every day
then you're a success you check both
boxes I want to tell you a quick story
so there was a guy who started at the
first gym with me same day all right and
we've been friends since then and I
started my gym and then he started his
gym and he started chain of gym so we
went in parallel all right and he ended
up selling those gyms and he wanted to
go online he was like dude I need to
build like a brand and I was like dude
you just need to start posting you know
short form stuff making stuff that's
valuable he posted every day for 6
months and then one video took off and
then the next video took off and the
next video took off and then all all of
a sudden now he's making $100,000 a
month from the content that he was
making he'd already been doing business
for 9 years and then all of a sudden it
took off and he and he messaged me he
was like I'm super grateful that that
you told me to do that and so he did the
post and he did the reach outs and what
ended up happening is that earlier on he
would he would have videos that would
start taking off he would start doing
reach outs you start making sales and
then you'd make some money and then you
would slow down and then all of a sudden
you get in scarcity mode once he was
like oh shoot there's no money coming in
there's no money coming in and then you
start making content start doing rots
again and you make money again and he
was like dude how do I break the cycle
and what we did was we shifted what he
was focusing on because he was focusing
on the sales he was making he was
focusing on the money he was making
rather than focusing on the process you
are not successful in my eyes because
whenever you see some outcome you stop
the activities which means you don't
have the trait of consistency I was like
the reason you aren't where you want to
be is because you can't do things
repeatedly and so most people can't do
one thing over and over again you need
to be able to do the doing without
seeing the result of your doing and you
have to keep doing it and if you can
keep doing things independent and this
is both ways if it goes really well you
keep doing the thing that got you there
and if it's not going well comma yet you
keep doing the thing so that you get
good enough that one day it will and
that's the shift that most people don't
make and I think that's why most people
just stick war and the reality is that
if you can commit to the actions and the
behaviors and the traits that you will
grow through doing then at the end of
this process a decade later you will be
the type of person who can do something
for a long period of time and wait and I
promise you that if you have that trait
money will never be a constraint in your
life and this is from Atomic habits
every winner and every loser have the
same
goals so when you measure Yourself by
having this external thing and people
are like set goals everyone wants to be
rich everyone wants to have a six-pack
your goals don't make you unique it's
the activities that you do that make you
unique the goal of the winner is to
commit to the activities the goal of the
loser is to commit to the goal 52% of
18-year-olds High School seniors think
they're going to be millionaires by 25
the world is going to be shook many of
you will fail and that's because most of
you have the same goal 50% of you think
you're going to be a Millionaire right
that's just math but only a small
percentage will because if you want to
be a millionaire you're not going to
focus on making the million dollars
you're going to focus on the stuff that
makes a million dollars and so when you
can divorce the activities from the
outcome then you can focus on the doing
which whether your income does this over
that period of time your self-esteem
Remains the Same because you're committ
to what you can control if you can make
that shift it will change your life so I
started making podcast 6 years ago I
committed to that process when I signed
on with a a YouTube vendor a few years
ago on the first call I said I'd like to
have this channel be something in 5 to
10 years I was like We'll look at it
then and see if it was worth continuing
to do I was like but I'm in for a decade
and he stopped me afterwards he was like
I've literally never had a client say
that to me ever he's like they're all
like how can I get leads in the first 90
days from YouTube and like blah blah
blah I was like if we're making
progress I'm good I will commit to that
I think that if you can think that way
you will get what you want and then
people will ask you a decade from now
man how did you have this overnight
success and blah blah blah blah blah and
aren't you like don't the followers and
the fans like how does it not get to
your head and you're like cuz it was
never the goal and so I feel just as
good at year one as I do at year eight
because the activities that I committed
to were remain the same if you can think
that way and you can shift your
perspective persective it will it'll
decrease your emotional ups and downs
and I think we all need ways to decrease
our emotional ups and downs in the game
of business because like we need to have
second lives and third lives and fourth
lives and the way to do that is to not
put your life your game playing life in
something that you can't control but
putting all your game playing life in
the things you can right now we just
crossed our 400th episode 400 episodes
like if I did one a week that's 52 four
eight one a week for a year that would
be eight years of doing that if I had
400 episodes I'm at like year six if you
make 400 long form pieces of content I
guarantee you that your following would
be bigger than it is today well how long
is that going to take as long as it
takes because the goal was never the
outcome the goal was to do it thing